[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> MARIANNE WILLIAMSON: What
holds us back in our lives is
our fear.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
And sometimes, when you
take a very close look,
you find out that your
fears aren't exactly
what you thought they were.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Our deepest fear is not
that we are inadequate.
Our deepest fear is that we
are powerful beyond measure.
It's our light.
Not our darkness that
most frightens us.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
We ask ourselves, who am I to be
brilliant, gorgeous, talented,
fabulous?
But actually, who
are you not to be?
You are a child of God.
Your playing small
doesn't serve the world.
There's nothing
enlightened about shrinking
so that other people won't
feel insecure around you.
We are all meant to
shine as children do.
We were born to make manifest
the glory of God that
is within us.
It's not just in some of us.
It's in all of us.
And as we let our
own light shine,
we subconsciously
give other people
permission to do the same.
As we are liberated
from our own fear,
our presence automatically
liberates others.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
So it's holy work to
move past your own fear.
It doesn't just help you.
It helps the world.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Dear God, I face
that which scares me.
I am frightened by
that which lies ahead.
And so I place this situation
and all related circumstances
in your hands.
Take this burden from me.
As I place it in
your hands, I ask
that my thoughts be transformed
from fear to confidence,
from fear to courage,
from fear to faith.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
May angels be to my left and
to my right, in front of me
and behind me, and above me
and below me as I walk my path.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Dear God, remind my mind
that you have already
handled this problem.
You have already taken
this burden from me.
Tell me where he would
have me go, what would you
have me do, what would you
have me say and to whom that
my life might be a bridge from
the problem to the answer.
And so it is.
Amen.
[MUSIC PLAYING]